Table of Contents

Unpredictable, uncontrollable and unbelievably hot!

Title Page

Starters

Sex and Sexuality

Chemistry

Intimacy

Romance

Female arousal

Male arousal

Know Your Body

Female sexual anatomy

Male sexual anatomy

Female hot spots

Male hot spots

Orgasm and Masturbation

The female orgasm

The male orgasm

Women and masturbation

Men and masturbation

Mains

Seduction and Foreplay

Setting the mood

Teasing

Kissing

Touching your woman

Touching your man

Massage

Handiwork

Tongues play

Part 69

Positions - Bicycle Out of the bedroom Missionary Starfish the quickie Cowgirl

Seesaw

Missionary

Cowgirl

Doggy style

Spooning

The quickie

Out of the bedroom

Starfish

Twinning

Seesaw

Straddle

Reverse straddle

Bicycle

Rising slide

Wrap

Wheel barrow

Reverse wheelbarrow

Wallbanger

Sides

Sex Toys - Stimulation jiggle balls Private fun Toys for boys Luxury vibrator ...

Game

Classic and luxury vibrators

Lay-on vibrators

Clitoral stimulators

G-spot vibrators

Jiggle balls

Toys for boys

Fantasies and Role-play - Dressing up Theater the mind Props Boudaries ...

Fantasies

Your toy box

Dressing up for girls

Dressing up for guys

Dressing down

Striptease

Play Naughty - Anal Bottom Whip Blindfold Nipple clamps Bondage tape

Handcuffs ...

Anal sex

BDSM

Erotica

Photos and videos

Fetishes

Index

Acknowledgments

Copyright Page





Unpredictable, uncontrollable and unbelievably hot!


Expanding your sexual playbook is a surefire way to turn up the heat between the sheets. Sex Play is packed with steamy tips and tricks for the most erotic sex you’ve ever had.

With this alluring book and a lust for adventure, you’ll discover exhilarating new ways to have a blast in bed. Get into a crazy position that will turn your world upside down (literally!). Don a sexy, creative costume and live out your ultimate fantasies. Play with an exciting toy for electrifying orgasms.

The ultimate guide for modern couples, Sex Play will take your sex life from love-making to earth-shaking.





Starters





Sex and Sexuality





Chemistry

Sexual chemistry is the glue that keeps love making alive, fresh, and vital.

Unpredictable, uncontrollable, often elusive, and sometimes inappropriate, chemistry can’t be controlled by you any more than it can stop giving you those extraordinary sensations of desire and pleasure.





Indefinable mix

Chemistry in the bedroom can make sex sizzle big time. It makes you feel sexy, excited, passionate, and uninhibited. It also makes you a great pleasure giver. You want to make this person as happy and as satisfied as they make you feel. It’s an enduring combination of lust, hormones, and pheromones, and a unique mix of often indefinable physical characteristics and personality traits that just seem to work for you. While chemistry can’t guarantee you a lifetime of sexual bliss—we all experience the natural ebb and flow of libido—it is an absolutely essential ingredient in any fulfilling relationship.





Eye contact

The power and intensity of direct eye contact with your partner is one of the strongest indicators of chemistry. Rather than close your eyes during foreplay or sex—keep them open, look deeply into your partner’s eyes, and harness that sexy power surge.





Intimacy

In our busy and often virtual worlds, sexual partners can be found with a just a few quick keystrokes on your computer, but what most of us crave is the kind of intimacy that embraces both our emotional and our physical needs and desires.





Express yourself

We have a deep-seated, biological drive for intimacy with someone who will support and love us through the good times and the bad. Being able to express your feelings in an atmosphere of trust and openness, where you are able to communicate your desires through touch, eye contact, and words can make your sex life even more thrilling. And the good news is that while great sex often brings greater intimacy, you can encourage an even stronger bond in your relationship by sharing a varied and imaginative sex life. You can let go of any inhibitions, show your partner how desirable they make you feel, and release your desires and fantasies.

In turn, this leads to increased arousal, enhanced orgasms, and a whole lot more pleasure.





Create an ambience

You can create and encourage intimacy in your relationship by making sure you take time out from everyday life to emotionally connect with your partner and keep the passion alive. Getting up close and personal in the shower can be sexy, thrilling, and deeply intimate.





Take time to be romantic

Romance is about making everyday moments special and making sure your sex life doesn’t become routine and predictable. Try dressing your bed in sexy sheets, pop a bottle of bubbly, and feed each other sweet strawberries dipped in molten dark chocolate.





Romance

The important thing to remember about romance is that it’s not simply about buying flowers or expensive trinkets (welcome as they always are!) for our partner or remembering to buy them a Valentine’s card. In fact, it’s not about individual gestures at all.





Loved up

Romance is about care, consideration, sharing, and playing with your partner. It’s about making them feel desired, and special. And although it’s sometimes thought to be an old-fashioned term, romance is the basis of the best seduction techniques and ultimately provides the most sizzling, passionate sex.





Female sexual arousal tends to be a response more to emotional rather than visual stimuli and goes through four distinct physiological and psychological stages. First there is the excitement stage, with that thrilling sense of anticipation, followed by the plateau phase where the blood flows faster, swelling the vagina so it’s ready for stimulation. The third stage is orgasm itself, where we feel intense feelings of pleasure and relief, followed by the final resolution phase where our breathing and heart rate start to return to Female arousal





Male arousal



Men tend to be more easily stimulated than women and respond more to what they can see rather than what they feel. Following erection in the excitement stage, there is the plateau phase where the muscles at the base of the penis rhythmically contract and they secrete clear pre-ejaculatory fluid. Men ejaculate during their orgasm stage and while their resolution phase, also known as the refractory stage, is similar to women, this is the stage where many men roll over and simply go to sleep!





Know Your Body





Female sexual anatomy

Understanding your own body and its sexual responses in intimate detail is essential to having fulfilling, healthy, and zinging sex. While much of a woman’s sexual anatomy is tucked away inside, its pleasure zones are no less sensitive and delicious.





Male sexual anatomy

Despite that much of it is on display, a man’s sexual anatomy is much more complex and interesting than simply the crowning glory that is a man’s penis. Of course, that in itself is a myriad of glorious hot spots and different sensations.





Female hot spots

Hot spots—or erogenous zones—are those areas of the body that get us most aroused or excited. Other than the clitoris, female hot spots tend to be internal areas and need a little teasing, skill, and imagination to come into play.





Hit the spot

G-spot

While the clitoris may feel like the doorway to female orgasmic heaven, the G-spot comes in at a pretty close second. Using your lover’s or your own fingers, or a specially shaped curved-tip vibrator, make a gentle “come hither” gesture to find yours. Although recent research suggests that all women have a G-spot, some of us have one that is not so rich in nerve endings. Given that most of us achieve wonderful orgasm through the clitoris, it’s definitely not worth worrying about if you find that you can’t feel much.

A-spot

The A-spot can play quite a starring role in terms of bump-and-grind orgasms. It is a patch of sensitive tissue located at the inner end of the vaginal canal, between your cervix and bladder. To find your A-spot, lubricate your vagina and slip your index and middle fingers inside, until you find your G-spot. Then continue upward towards your cervix, which will feel firm but yielding. Pull your fingers slowly back and about halfway between your cervix and G-spot and you should find your A-spot.

U-spot

The U-spot is not the easiest hot spot to find, but if you touch your urethra—the bit that you pee out of—you should find a small patch of sensitive tissue. It is a relatively newly discovered erogenous zone, but one that, if gently stimulated with your man’s tongue, finger, or tip of his penis, can cause a highly erotic response.





Male hot spots

Other than the prostate gland, male hot spots tend to be external rather than internal. These areas are rich in nerve endings and highly responsive to touch, whether with your fingers, lips, or tongue.





Arousing areas





Perineum

This smooth, hairless area between a man’s bottom and testicles is highly sensitive and stroking it makes his orgasm feel much more intense. It will also indirectly stimulate his prostate gland or the male G-spot.

Male G-spot

The male G-spot, the prostate gland, is situated just below the bladder, surrounding the urethra. When this is stimulated during anal intercourse it can intensify a man’s orgasm to the point of distraction.

Don’t be too surprised if he climaxes just by you stroking this gland.

Some men absolutely love having their G-spot stimulated, while others find it just too uncomfortable. However, it is a highly sensitive erogenous zone for a man and one of the few that are lurking inside his body, rather than hanging outside of it.





Foreskin

Packed with nerve endings, the foreskin is an especially sensitive part of a man’s penis. Even in circumcised men, the scar tissue where the foreskin was originally removed is also highly responsive.





Orgasm and Masturbation





The female orgasm

The female orgasm has certainly provided plenty of provocative research and debate over the years. Controversy continues to rage over how many different types of female orgasm exist. To start with, there’s clitoral orgasm, vaginal orgasm, and blended orgasm (basically a mixture of clitoral and vaginal orgasm).

We can have gentle, delicate, and pleasing orgasms or we can have toe-curling, head-dizzying, frenzied orgasms that can feel quite otherworldly. Whether your legs turn to jelly or you simply feel a pleasant glow will depend on many factors, including how relaxed you are, how aroused you feel, and the sensitivity and intimacy of your partner. The clitoris tends to be the epicenter of orgasmic pleasure, so for any woman who wants to experience an orgasm at its finest (or even for the first time), you need to get to know it intimately. And, indeed, ensure that your lover is fully aware and comfortable with this little baby, too.





Arriving at orgasm

Because our plateau phase is so pleasurable and can last longer than the orgasm itself, we express ourselves in all sorts of delicious ways as we are about to orgasm. We may shout out, bite our lips, close our eyes and clench our fists—or even air punch—in pure delight.





Take ownership

As you’ve got a lot of control in this position, it’s easier to have ownership of your own orgasm. You can squeeze and tighten your vagina around your lover’s penis as you rock to and fro. You can also lean in forward, again increasing your chance of clitoral orgasm.





Increasing your pleasure





Prolong your foreplay and make sure your partner understands how much you love having your breasts touched. Tell him about that invisible “wire”


that runs directly from your nipples to your clitoris. This encourages excitement and arousal and builds better, longer, and more fulfilling orgasms.

Make sure your partner knows what makes you feel good and that you will probably take longer than him to climax. Make him feel in control and aware that your plateau-hovering moments are fabulous in and of themselves and are not necessarily imminent indications of having an orgasm.

Talk him through the feelings of having a clitoral orgasm and show him what you like. Yes, it’s the most highly sensitive area of our body, but it’s not an orgasmic flick-switch; it needs stimulating around the area, not a button-press directly on it.

Don’t despair if you don’t climax during every sex session or if they are not peel-me-off-the-ceiling orgasms each and every time. Your ability to have an orgasm is affected by mood, stress levels, and time factors.





The male orgasm

The male orgasm is more of a physiological climax and less of an emotionally dependent creature than its female counterpart, but it is nevertheless equally complex in the “technical” sense. As a man climaxes, his engorged reproductive glands spill their contents into his urethra and he ejaculates via a series of three to five spasmodic contractions, lasting just a few seconds.





Shout or shudder

The male climax can be a dramatic event—some men like to shout or call out during their orgasm, while others will simply shudder with the intense and sudden pleasure of it all.



Don’t fret about climaxing too quickly; it will make the likelihood greater. Think about something banal for a moment or two.

Masturbate a couple of hours before sex to keep that supply of semen building up and you’ll feel less likely to climax too quickly.

Having a quickie to start with, and climaxing quickly, will take the urgency out of a subsequent sex session and enable you to have a less physically pressured orgasm.



Masturbate in front of your partner. Let her see how you give yourself a hand-job: the speed, rhythm, and position that you prefer. When your partner takes over you can report on her progress via your moans and groans.

If you feel that you’re going to climax fairly soon, switch to oral sex or something else for a while, to defuse the moment.





Doggy style

There is something incredibly stimulating for a man when he views a woman from behind during doggy-style sex. As well as the comparative “anonymity” of it, he can thrust especially deeply, making his orgasm even more intense. (See also pages 72-73.)



If a man hasn’t had sex or masturbated for a while, his orgasm—the emotional bit—will seem more intense and he’ll also produce more seminal fluid. If he has recently masturbated, he might last longer before climaxing, but the heightened awareness of orgasm might not feel so intense and the amount of semen produced is less.





Use a vibrator

There’s no doubt that using a vibrator is an easy way to have an orgasm—it doesn’t require much effort and just holding it firmly against your vagina may

well bring you to a climax. While it doesn’t teach you much about your own body or sexual skills and needs, it is a very convenient way of masturbating, especially if you’re short of time. It feels especially exhilarating if you use a waterproof clitoral vibrator in the shower.





Mirror, mirror


To stimulate your clitoris toward orgasm, it may help you to angle a mirror so that you can see it situated at the top of your vagina. Your clitoris looks like a little broad bean and may feel hard or soft. You may want to use a lubricant to keep the whole genital area nice and slippery and perfect for masturbating as well as adding sensation to your touch.





Women and masturbation

With lots of erogenous zones tucked inside, it’s good to familiarize yourself with your own intimate parts. Take off all your clothes and get comfortable on your bed. This fabulous treat is one of the greatest pleasures in life—it is calorie free, cash free, and should be totally guilt free, too.





Gently explore

For some women, just easing their hands down their panties toward their pleasure zone can make them feel hot. Close your eyes and let the sensation of your own touch take over as you let your fingers gently explore what makes you feel good.



Let your fingertips do the work ...

... and you may find your breath becomes shorter or that stroking your nipples has a direct effect on making your clitoris “tick” just a little. When you feel ready, let your fingers drift toward your vagina and rub, stroke, and explore your labia with as little or as much pressure as feels good.





When you start to feel stimulated ...


... move your index finger onto your clitoris. Keep up a steady rhythm and the sense of pleasure will begin to increase. You might want to increase the speed of your stroking or insert a finger or two inside yourself. Try squeezing your vaginal muscles in and out to build the sensation.

You arrive at orgasm ...

... which is like being washed over by waves of unmistakable pleasure coming in surges. It also sends the vagina into a series of spasms or contractions and may make your clitoris so ultra-sensitive that you can no longer touch it.





Men and masturbation

For most men, masturbation is part of the pleasure of everyday life. You have been doing it for as long as you can remember and you and your “best pal” have a great understanding. Given that you may have had to be furtive about masturbating when a boy, you may still be doing whatever it takes to climax fast, furiously, and satisfactorily.





Take pleasure in yourself





Vary your grip

Most men use a variant on the fist technique, where they make a loose, open, or closed fingered fist and with varying degrees of grip and speed, run it up and down the shaft of their penis. With your palm facing the side of your penis, you start at the top and move down, in a pumping motion. Your grip may become tighter as you move your hand over the tip of your penis, but in sensitive men, especially circumcised men, your grip might need to be looser. What really matters is maintaining the rhythm, which is key to the most satisfying climax.





Get comfortable

Some men masturbate in front of a porn movie or magazine (although not as many as you might think), in front of the mirror, or lying on the sofa. But most guys prefer to lie on the bed with their legs flopped apart.

You might enjoy holding or stroking your balls or rubbing the very sensitive area between your testicles and your butt, known as the perineum.





Make a basket weave action

This is the easiest way to prevent yourself from coming too quickly, especially if you are with your partner. Move your hands, fingers, and palms over your frenulum (the flexible, elastic skin that is just under the head of your penis) to increase pleasure and delay orgasm.





Masturbate in the bath

Just like women, men enjoy masturbating in the shower or the bath, as it is slippery, squidgy, sexy, and easy to clean up afterward. It also makes it easy to find those other bits that might give you pleasure—your bottom, anus, perineum, and testicles. It’s also easy to slip a finger up your anus, which can increase pleasure hugely.





Delaying and intensifying your orgasm

Changing hands breaks the rhythm, so it can delay orgasm, just as trying not to think about the woman of your fantasies can cause a delay. Try switching to thinking about something much more mundane. Grabbing your testicles or pinching the bottom of your shaft as you’re ejaculating also makes the orgasm last longer.





Mutual masturbation

While men often fantasize about watching a woman masturbate, pleasuring each other can be a highly charged erotic experience. Seeing just how your partner likes to bring herself to a climax, whether with her fingers or a vibrator, can help you know just how to make her moan with orgasmic joy.





Mains





Seduction and Foreplay





Setting the mood

The art of seduction is a considerably underrated playground for your sexual senses. It is all about a sexy and unpredictable delayed-gratification ritual that involves two consenting and enthusiastic partners. It is also about anticipating the thrills to come, heightening the pleasure for both of you, and is suggestive, flirty, and fun, totally warranting the preparation necessary to get the mood just right.

Setting the mood can be as simple as dimming the lights, drawing the curtains, and lighting a few scented candles. Or simply tidying up and making the bed with crisp, freshly laundered sheets. Alternatively, forget the bedroom altogether and run a hot, sweet-scented bath and let the smell waft through the house. You could also prepare some simple finger food, throw down a faux fur blanket onto the living room floor, and set your music system to seductive mode. As long as you’re setting the stage as a backdrop and a teaser to having sex, you’ll both reap the delicious benefits.





Teasing





Tease in a public place

Teasing is suggestive, flirty, and deliberately naughty. There’s nothing guaranteed to get your man’s temperature soaring more than if you squeeze against him in a provocative way, especially if you’re in a public place.



Teasing is another of those words, like flirting, that often gets a bad rap. And yet teasing is all about playing up the anticipation. Done well it will get your partner’s sexual imagination drooling.

Really good teasing makes no immediate promises, but more than hints at the sex that lies ahead. It usually involves maintaining direct eye contact, touching yourself, or letting your hands stray to those parts of your body that you’d like your lover to play with or that are simply starting to feel aroused.





Talk dirty

Try teasing with some dirty talk—send your partner a text during the day describing exactly what you’re going to do together when you both get home, or describe what you’re doing to yourself. Or, while you’re in a public place, especially if home isn’t too far away, whisper something naughty and suggestive to get your partner ready, willing, and totally in the zone.





Come hither

Imagination and anticipation are key to being a good tease. Wear something sultry and sheer, drop a shoulder strap, cup your breasts with one hand, lick your index finger with the other, and shoot him an old-fashioned, backwards come-hither glance.





Kissing

Kissing our partner reinforces bonding and is a deeply intimate gesture.

Whether it’s a peck on the cheek or a deep tongue kiss, it’s the greatest expression of lust, love, closeness, and joy that a relationship can have. It’s also doing you a wealth of good—statistics have shown that people who kiss regularly have fewer sick days, fewer car accidents, and live around five years longer than their nonkissing cousins.





The roundabout kiss

Using the highly sensitive outer edges of your lips, gently trace along your partner’s outer lips. Then run your tongue slowly along their upper and lower lip in a circling motion. keep the pressure light and sensitive without letting your tongue slip into their mouth. It’s erotic and very sensuous.





The French kiss

The French kiss is a full-on tongue-locking kiss, whether momentary or several minutes long and can stir our emotions on so many delicious levels. It gets your pulse racing, your knees trembling, and your groin aching. It’s easy to get wrong, though, as you’ll know if you’ve ever kissed someone whose tongue remained ironing board straight and immobile while you were trying to savor the moment.

The lip-o-suction kiss



A teasing and suggestive kiss, gentle lip-o-suction allows you to lick and nibble your partner’s upper lip while they do the same to your lower lip. Taking turns makes it even more seductive.





The movie kiss

You know the one—often seen in Hollywood movies during the 40s and 50s and on the front of romantic novels. The grand gesture kiss where the man (or maybe the woman) pulls his partner in powerfully and strongly with one hand firmly around her waist, while cradling the back of his partner’s head with his other hand. He pulls her into him and gives her a deeply romantic, lip-locked and commanding kiss.





The waterfall kiss

This is one for the shower, the swimming pool, or—even better—the pouring rain. It’s like a French kiss, but wilder, using all that slippery water to really drink in your partner’s mouth and face.





The snake kiss

Using a gentle yet rapid flick of your tongue, lick all over your partner’s neck, lips, nipples, and bellybutton. This kiss becomes especially erotic moving over the shaft and head of your lover’s penis or around her labia.





Touching your woman

While there are some especially sensitive areas common to both men and women—fingertips, inner arms, and thighs, for example—women have many more nerve endings in their skin than men and their skin tends to be softer and more delicate as well as less hairy, allowing the receptors to get the full-on treatment uninhibited by body hair.





All this means that some men, if not particularly sensitive to touch themselves, might not totally understand the extreme pleasure that a woman feels to touch.


Or they can get lazy about it, simply because they can’t relate to how wonderful it can feel. Touching is about exploration and variation, however long you have been together as a couple. The human body is a complex and wondrous place, with highly sensitive and sexy areas that often get neglected. The inside of the arm and the back of the knee are wonderful places to touch (and kiss and lick), but are often overlooked. In general, the softer and more hair-free the skin, the more sensitive it is likely to be.





Touching your man

Touching offers us security, love, comfort, and pleasure and is one of our earliest senses to develop. Our skin is packed with sensory touch receptors that respond in many different ways, from laughing when being tickled to heightened arousal during foreplay and sex.

As a general rule in foreplay, it’s good to start touching the less sensitive areas of your partner’s body and work your way up to the most sensitive. Some of this is pretty generic—most people’s elbows are less sensitive than their genitals, of course—but learning about what pleases your partner (with antennae ready for the moans, groans, and positive responses), will teach you the unique hierarchy of sensitive spots that we all have.





Massage





Be firm

Always start at the top of your partner’s body and give special attention to the shoulders and neck. A firm but controlling massage here is an amazing stress reliever and relaxant.

Massage is a fabulous part of foreplay—often as good to give, as it is to receive.

Sexual massage has as little to do with the bright lights of a chiropractor’s clinic as it does with backstreet massage parlors offering their customers a “happy ending.” And while it doesn’t require a PhD in masterful techniques, it’s good to arm yourself with some of the skills that will lift your massage from the purely pleasurable to the highly sensual and erotic.





Keep it slippery

The feeling of having our breasts massaged with a good dollop of sweetly scented and slippery massage oil can feel sensational. But guys, you need to be careful of applying too much pressure on your lover’s breasts—they can be sensitive or painful, particularly just before or during a woman’s period or when she’s pregnant.





Vary the touch

When you reach the small of the back, start using your palms alone rather than your fingertips or whole hand. Push your flat palms firmly into the small of the back and work your way down to the lowest part of the buttocks. And then back up again. Leon over your partner to allow the weight of your body to give you control and strength.

The important thing is to think of a massage in two equal slices. The first 20

minutes or so should be spent in getting your partner relaxed, responsive, and receptive. You can then step it up a gear during the second 20 minutes, making it as sexy and as teasing as possible. A lot of the pleasure of this part of the massage is the sweet, almost trancelike anticipation of what’s going to happen once the massage is over.





Take your time





Set the mood

Turn off the overhead lighting (and your phone!) and use soft lamps or candlelight instead. Make sure the room is warm and enjoy the silence or play some atmospheric slow music. While both of you should be undressed for a massage, sometimes it’s good for a guy to keep a pair of close-fitting underpants on if he is giving a woman a massage, as a rock-hard penis can get in the way, positionwise.





Vary your strokes

Ask your partner to lie face down on some soft towels and warm some scented oil in the palms of your hands. Gently run your oiled fingertips down the length of your lover’s back. Once they have relaxed, use firmer strokes and a little more pressure. Use firm circular motions in and away from the backbone, hands mirroring each other. Work down their back from the top to the bottom.

Be responsive and yet in control

When they feel fully relaxed, you can turn your partner over and start a more arousing massage working your way down their body via their breasts or chest. Be guided by your partner’s moans of pleasure and verbal or nonverbal responses to what you are doing. Some people like to give a running commentary of when they want firmer or gentler strokes or where they want your hands to go. Although you are giving your partner a massage for their pleasure, part of the fun is that you are primarily in control.





And glide

Gliding strokes are done with your fingers together and your hands outstretched, while you apply massage oil firmly to your lover’s skin, using the flat of your hands. Gliding can be as firm or as gentle as you like, in a long and forward motion or in a circular pattern.





Massage oil candles

For a seriously sexy and relaxing massage that will enable your hands to glide sensuously and powerfully into your lover’s deep tissue, use a natural massage oil candle especially designed for the job. With a scented wax that burns at a very low temperature, simply light the candle and drizzle a little of the scented oil onto your lover’s back or chest.





Delicate feathering

Gentle and sensitive, feathering is one of the most delicate of massage strokes.

With barely-there hands, let your fingertips just drift sensuously over your lover’s body. It is both soothing and arousing.





Handiwork

Being skillful with your hands and fingers during foreplay will reap its own rewards, as they are designed to reach places that mouths and tongues might not be able to. The thousands of highly responsive nerve endings at the tips of your fingers as well as the firm grip of your palms can make for a seriously arousing combo.

Try giving a hand-job while you are kissing your partner. Having the deliciousness of a seriously sexy kiss while having your partner’s fingers probe your vagina or you run your hand along the ever-stiffening shaft of his penis can feel ultra-sensational.

It is an essential part of foreplay and if you feel at all unsure about what you should be doing or how you should be doing it, most people are delighted to explain in explicit detail just what makes them feel good and where.

Be über slippery

There’s little worse than a dry palm playing friction havoc on your lover’s penis, so make sure that you’ve oiled your hands with plenty of lubricant to make them super slippery. Using both thumbs and with fisted palms, slide your hands up and down the shaft of your lover’s penis, twisting and turning them from side to side along the way. Try to keep the rhythm regular and firm and when you feel your man’s arousal, speed up a little to help bring him to a climax.





Clitoral stimulation

While the clitoris is fantastically sensitive, it is also the pleasure root of most women’s orgasms. Treat this little love button with all due respect, teasing in circular, gentle motions around the clitoral head until you can feel her becoming wet and aroused.





Tongues play

Almost everybody loves to receive great oral sex. For some people, it ranks even higher than penetrative sex itself. There is something exciting, intimate, and sensual about using your tongue and mouth to stimulate your partner’s genitals. But, as the old expression goes, it’s often better to give than to receive, so no one-way traffic here please!

Done well, oral sex is an immensely generous part of foreplay. You are seriously dedicating yourself to giving your partner a mind-blowing orgasm. Taking time and care and lavishing attention on your partner are incredibly important.

Finding it distasteful, being picky, or doing it through obligation are absolute killers to oral sex. And yet it’s also a hugely powerful performance, where you, the giver, are in absolute control. It is one of the most erotic and important parts of foreplay.





Explore all over

Giving great oral sex is much more than simply taking your man’s penis into your mouth-and for most women, the inescapable gag reflex makes deep throating your man all but impossible. So use your tongue to explore not just the shaft of his penis, but also his testicles and perineum. Sometimes leaving the penis itself-and especially the ultra-sensitive head—until last, can add to his sense of anticipation.





Swirling action

There is little your man will love more than to have you take his penis in your mouth, swirling your tongue around his shaft while you give him that “Oh my, how delicious does this taste?” porn-star direct eye gaze at the same time.

Cradle his best pal in your hands for a moment, take a long, lingering look at it, and then gaze right up at him as you cup his testicles in your hands and lure his stiffening penis into your mouth.





Make it slow and sweeping

Take a little time out to tell a woman just how delicious her vagina looks—we don’t see our genitals that often and it’s good to have our hidden beauty appreciated. Using the flat, wide part of your tongue in confident, slow, and sweeping movements is much more erotic than tentatively waggling the tense tip of your tongue about at random. Using confident side-to-side, up-and-down movements like a rollercoaster with your mouth and tongue will ensure that you don’t overstimulate one area only or make the clitoris overly sensitive.





Suck and lick

Women love this powerful, worshipping position as much as you do. Being underneath her vagina means that you can use the relaxed, flat of your tongue to circle around her clitoris and let longer, slower figure-eight movements lap firmly around the whole vaginal area, sucking or licking as you feel and taste her excitement.





69

Top-to-toe

The position of the 69 enables you to give oral pleasure to each other simultaneously. It can be difficult at first to be concentrating on giving your partner such intense stimulation while you are also being heaven sent by your partner. With practice, though, it becomes highly erotic. The 69 can be a lot of fun, but it’s important to turn the volume up and down on each other’s stimulation as you go—simultaneous orgasm in this position is something of a rarity!





Positions

Bicycle Out of the bedroom Missionary Starfish the quickie Cowgirl Seesaw





Missionary





The missionary position

While the standard missionary position with the guy lying flat on top of the woman may lack a few fireworks, it is a deeply intimate position and is comfortable for both partners. French kissing throughout, while maintaining eye contact, can add a wow factor to the eroticism of this, the most basic of positions.

Probably the most favored position in the world, the missionary does allow a special feeling of intimacy between you and your partner. You can kiss, touch, and have direct eye contact throughout your love making. It is comfortable for both partners, requires little imagination or effort for a woman, and hits the mark in a functional sort of way





Increase the passion

There is absolutely nothing not to like about the missionary position, so please don’t think you have to even consider banishing it from your repertoire just because it is the most traditional position.

Make the most of the missionary position by indulging in full and direct eye contact and that flesh-on-flesh contact.

Whisper or talk dirty to each other and keep on kissing—take advantage of this deeply intimate face-to-face position.

By controlling the rhythm and depth of his thrusts, a man can control his climax more easily, making the missionary a brilliant position for a seriously long and indulgent sex session.





Lift up your legs

While the missionary is essentially a position where the guy is in charge of the speed and depth of penetration, simply pulling your legs up toward your head can allow you to vary the rhythm to satisfy your own preferences.





Cowgirl

For a woman, being on top of her man can feel liberating and powerful. By having most of the control over the depth, speed, and angle of sex, she can pace the pleasure as she wants it. It’s also an amazing position for both vaginal and clitoral stimulation by leaning backward and forward or just bouncing up and down.

Variety is the spice of life





Breast is best

While you’re sitting facing your guy, take his hands and pull him upward so you’re sitting face-to-face. He will be able to kiss you and feel your breasts, making the cowgirl feel more intimate and gentle.





Dress to thrill

These are the perfect positions to dress up as provocatively as you can.

Wear a corset or a basque and stockings and a garter belt. Men get to take a less controlling role in this position and most love the feeling of being ridden.





Swivel and turn

While you’re sitting on his penis, swing your legs around and turn the other way to vary the depth and angle of penetration. Changing position can be thrilling for you both.





Cowgirl

With the guy lying flat on his back, the woman can bend her knees, fold her legs behind her, and lower herself down onto his erect penis for the greatest clitoral stimulation. The intense eye contact in the cowgirl, along with the sense of power and control, can make this an incredibly sexy position.





Reverse cowgirl

By sitting down over your man’s penis, facing away from him, you can steer yourself into the deepest penetration, while still maintaining that all-important control over level, depth, and angle of his thrusts. The natural upward angle of the penis helps achieve G-spot stimulation, too, which can make you feel breathless with exhilaration.





Doggy style





On all fours



With such deep thrusts, this is a great position for maximum penetration with a good chance that you’ll feel stimulation on your clitoris, vagina, and G-spot all at the same time.

Doggy-style sex is one of the most exciting sexual positions because it allows seriously deep penetration. But more than that, there’s something raw, sexy, and primitive about having sex doggy style.

Half-doggy



Because of the deep penetration in this position, you might feel your man’s penis hitting your cervix. Getting into the half doggy position, with your head on the pillow, can help you adjust the depth of his lunges.

A guy can feel huge control during doggy-style sex—and he gets an erotic view of a sexy, yielding bottom in the air, tipped at just the right angle to ensure maximum vaginal penetration and with the hint of possible anal penetration, too.

Because a guy can’t see your face, it also has an air of anonymity about it. It’s an incredibly submissive position for a woman, with little chance of controlling the speed or depth of penetration, so it’s perfect for uninhibited women who enjoy the wilder side of sex. You can’t see him, so you can let your imagination run wild and feel all that pleasure with little distraction.





Spooning





Side-by-side sex

Spooning sex is lovely, languid, and lazy. Lying like a pair of spoons, nestled into each other in an almost fetal position, it is intimate and sensual rather than wild and acrobatic. The most fulfilling method of having spooning sex is to lie with your back to your man and draw your legs up toward you while pushing your bottom toward him to allow him to penetrate you slowly and gently. This is a great position for relaxed early moming sex when you wake up in each other’s arms.





The quickie

Not really a “position” at all, the spontaneous beauty of the quickie is that it can be done anywhere, anyhow, and at (almost!) any time. The rip-your-clothes-off-now, lust-filled urgency of the quickie also plays an important part in long-term relationships as much as it does in sexy flings. There is really nothing not to relish about quickie sex—it’s a high-rolling adrenaline rush of deliciousness and a fast track to orgasm. It’s the stuff of fantasies, yet it’s available on a staircase, dining room table, or a car seat near you.





Hot and steamy

This is all about taking advantage of a lust-piled moment in time. You can have a hot quickie on the stairs, on the floor, on the bed or sofa - anywhere you and your partner’s imaginations will take you.





Out of the bedroom





On the dining table

Whether your dining table is somewhere that you and your partner or your family gather to eat meals every day or whether it is dressed beautifully for big and occasional dinner parties, it is the perfect place to switch things up for your partner and offer a real taste of what you’ve got to offer.



There is something wonderfully illicit and naughty about having sex outside of the bedroom and it can be a real quick fix to sizzle up your sex life. Take a look around your home, use a little imagination, and you’ll see a whole variety of heights, surfaces, and textures just crying out for a little sexual exploration.





Kitchen encounter

While your partner is in the kitchen, approach her from behind; lift her hair and plant tender kisses along the nape of her neck. If she begins to respond by pushing herself into your pelvis, turn her around and lift her onto the kitchen work surface. Tease her panties to the side and give her some gentle oral sex before removing her panties, unzipping yourself, and giving her a very special kitchen surprise.





Sofa, so good

Soft sofas and chairs are just made for some really comfortable but hot sex. On a yielding and gently padded sofa or armchair, you can climb aboard your lover, straddle him widely and easily, and let yourself sink into his body, using your knees to balance as you slide over his penis. Or stand facing away from your partner and give him the kind of lap dance he won’t forget in a hurry.





Go with the flow

Bathtime sex can feel sensual and exciting, even though natural lubrication is washed away. Rear-entry positions, where the vagina is naturally widened, often add extra pleasure and comfort. Your lover should lie in a bathtub filled to his waist, using an inflatable bath pillow to support his neck. He may need to bend his knees if he’s longer than the tub. Slide down over him and take charge of moving back and forth.





In the bathtub

While sex in the tub often seems like a hot and steamy idea, the water simply washes away natural lubrication. That’s not conducive to a woman’s orgasm, so —keep a tube of silicone-based lubrication on hand. Or take turns to give each other some indulgent oral sex in a shallowly filled tub, surrounded by the soft and sexy glimmer of votive candles.





Up against a tree

If you have access to a secluded garden with some mature and protective trees and shrubbery, a little alfresco sex can feel naughty in the nicest possible way.

Lush grass feels like carpet, and a picnic table serves as a great prop, while a tree with full leaves offers dappled sheltered sunlight to have a great quickie.





Starfish





Support each other

Maneuvering yourself into a scissorlike position, you can support and balance each other by entwining your legs and arms and can achieve a really deep penetration by arching your backs a little, too.



The starfish is a terrific position to control the angle, pressure, and grind and thrust of your man’s penis increasing your chances of a toe-curling clitoral orgasm. With both partners working together in unison, it’s simultaneously self-indulgent and generous.





Twinning

This classic Kama Sutra position is a twist on the missionary and is easy and fun to do—it also manages to give you full and intimate body contact while fast-tracking your arousal buildup.





Ultimate control

By using your upper thigh as a lever across your partner, you can control the speed, intensity, and depth of his penetration as well as encourage him to vary the rhythm of his pumping and thrusting. Once you are both fully aroused, you can reach even deeper penetration if your lover draws himself up to his knees.





Seesaw





Up and down

Feel the intense rhythm of this sizzling position as you move backward and forward, gripping your partner’s penis with your pelvic floor muscles. Take turns to take control of the pace of penetration.

While not the most athletic sexual position known to mankind, the seesaw really maxes out in the intimacy stakes. With full eye and flesh-to-flesh contact, it can be incredibly sexy as you slip down over your man’s penis and link bodies, while swaying gently or a little faster depending on your state of arousal.





Straddle

There’s a lot of fun to be had from using a chair or sofa as a prop during sex.

The straddle is a perfect example of this. Allowing easy postioning, it enhances control during dominance games as the “sitter” has little natural mobility while the “straddler” gets to be in charge.

Sit facing your lover ...

You might want to use another chair as a support for your arms as you sit astride your lover, having lowered yourself down onto his erect penis slowly yet firmly. Once he has penetrated you, use his penis as on “anchor” to allow yourself to gently lean back so that you’re almost upside down with your arms outstretched toward the floor





Reverse straddle

... or turn your back to him

Your man should sit in an upright chair or sofa, while you sit astride his lap, facing away from him. With him wrapping you in his arms, you can then guide his fingers to play with your labia and clitoris. And while this feast of pleasure is going on, you can clench the cheeks of your bottom around his penis, squeezing and stimulating it, feeling him grow harder under your movements.

The reverse straddle is a great position for seriously deep penetration and you have most of the control over the pace and rhythm of your lover’s thrusting. You can also control the feeling by squeezing your thighs together over his, giving your pelvic floor muscles a little excitement all of their own.





Bicycle

The bicycle definitely requires a bit of maneuvering, but it’s a great position if your man only has a part-erection, as his penis needs to be pushed back and up through his legs. It’s also a brilliant position for you to assume control of how deep his penetration is and how fast you want his thrusting to be.





Balancing act

Your man should lie on his back, legs bent and bottom up, while he rests on his shoulders, in the typical “cycling” position. Stand and face away from him and then lower yourself down onto his penis, while using your hands for balance on his thighs.





Rising slide

The rising slide is a real feast of excitement, as it allows both slow and deep penetration, ensuring that both the in the tip of his penis and at the entrance to your vagina are equally pleasured.





Gently does it

Your lover should kneel on a firm for this-keeping his upper body straight while you lie in front of him, taking the weight on your shoulders. He can then lift your legs up and, while wrapping your feet around his shoulders, he can pull your thighs in and penetrate gently and slowly.





Wrap

The wrap is a really intimate, full-on flesh-to-flesh position. There’s a balance in control here as you can both adjust your bodies and gently push forward a little to deepen his penetration. While wrapped in each other’s arms, you can also kiss deeply—adding to the sizzle.





Intimate pleasure

Kneeling face to face on the bed, wrap your arms around his neck while he pulls you to him with his arms around your back. Widen your legs and let him ease himself into you as you hold him tight.





Wheel barrow





Deep penetration

Kneel on the floor and push yourself up, keeping your arms straight and taking your weight on your hands. Ask your lover to pull up your legs, while aligning your thighs over his pelvis, squeezing tightly around his hips for extra balance.

In this position, he can penetrate you deeply and easily and has the bonus of an amazing view of your bottom.





The wheelbarrow is a really hot position that has your lover in a certain amount of control, allowing you to feel submissive, which can feel so good. With your head down, you can also feel pleasantly light-headed. Together with the deep penetration from behind, it’s a sizzling combo.





Reverse wheelbarrow





Be creative

Lying on your back with your legs bent and your feet at the edge of the bed, your lover can adjust his height by widening his legs a little to make sure that his pelvis is aligned with yours. This can make him feel powerful and in control and is a wonderfully lazy, yet stimulating, position for a women.





The reverse wheelbarrow is a brilliant position if there’s any height difference between you and your partner. Lie on the edge of the bed with your man standing in front of you so that he can grip your thighs and seriously spoil you sexwise. Dipping his head down from time to time to give you oral stimulation also adds an element of surprise to this position.





Wallbanger

There is a real sense of power in this position for a guy, as he is holding on to you so tightly If he’s not too excited, he might also be able to maintain an erection for longer since much of his blood supply is being used elsewhere in his body This means he can spend a while longer concentrating on your pleasure.





Have confidence

Lean with your back against a wall with your lover in front of you.

Either use a chair to propel yourself or jump up, wrapping your arms around his neck and your legs around his waist. He can hold onto your bottom and thighs, using them as a lever to help him thrust into you. This can be a very erotic and powerful position and while the tensile strength needed by your man can sustain his erection, his orgasm is likely to be fast and furious! In order for a woman to climax, she must feel safe and secure in his grasp, so this position is not for the faint-hearted.





Sides





Sex Toys

Stimulation jiggle balls Private fun Toys for boys Luxury vibrator Lay-ons Penetration





Game

Playing ready-made sex games is a great way to spice up your sex life, as many of the ideas in the form of suggestion cards are already created for you and some of them come with a few basic props, too.

Spin the bottle with truth or dare cards, for example, gives you the perfect excuse to polish off a bottle of wine before you begin. Spin the bottle is all about playing out your sexual fantasies. Use some of the suggestion cards from a board game or invent your own. Fun suggestions include getting your partner to perform a lap dance or do a striptease, or you can blindfold your partner and ask them to find an erogenous zone by touch only.





Time for some Nookii

There are some pretty feeble games out there, with more of the “bored” than “board” factor in them, so it’s better to stick to the tried-and-tested classics like Nookii or Monogamy, which have a proven track record of sizzle and fun.

Nookii is one of the best prepackaged games around—rather than moving around a board, you move around each other’s bodies, following the suggestions on the “Mmm,” “Ooh,”and “Aah” cards. They take you through gentle mood setting and fun-based role-play to some more advanced naughtiness.





Classic and luxury vibrators Vibrators are the most popular form of sex toy. Why?


Because they pretty much guarantee a fast track to a woman’s orgasm. It may not be as pleasurable as that allover fabulous orgasmic feeling of well-being that having sex with your lover brings, but it is efficient and fun. They are also just as entertaining when used as a toy by couples as they are when used for indulging in a bit of private fun on your own.

There is a huge array of classic vibrators available on the market—from budget styles to the ultimate in luxury. Some of them can be a little cold to the touch at first and all of them should be used with a good quality lubricant. I have selected a few that I would especially recommend for ease of use and quiet operation, but the choice out there is dizzying, so look for one that appeals to you and your partner.





Jimmyjane Little Chroma

While many classic vibrators are simple and functional, there is a new generation of luxury vibrators that are beautifully and ergonomically designed in lightweight metals and have all manner of whisper-quiet vibration speeds and modes. They also have the added bonus of being rechargeable, meaning that you never have to worry about spent batteries again. The ultra-sleek Jimmyjane Little Chroma wouldn’t look out of place on your bedside table or even in a modern art gallery, and is designed to pack an amazing orgasmic punch with a touch of edgy luxury.





Rabbit vibrator

This has to warrant a mention, simply because it’s the one women return to time and time again as the most enduringly satisfying vibrator on the market.

It can be bought in many sizes—from bullet-shaped handbag size to super size.

There are rechargeable versions, rabbits with extra bead stimulation in the shaft, and versions with names like Jessica, Jack, and Mr. Big, but what they all have in common—hence their name—is the little rabbit ear attachment that vibrates at a rhythm to suit you, vibrating directly on your clitoris as well as with a rotating shaft for vaginal penetration.





Lay-on vibrators


Some women find the intensity of a “direct hit” clitoral vibrator just too much, especially if they have a sensitive clitoris, and these nonpenetrative vibrators, known as “lay-ons”—for pretty obvious reasons—provide the perfect, more gentle and nonintrusive alternative. With their pebblelike shape, they are designed to give you slower-paced pleasure than a traditional clitoral vibrator.





Lelo Siri

Rechargeable and with silky smooth contours, the Lelo Siri can be stroked around your clitoris and vagina to give soothing yet arousing external stimulation with six vibration modes from a soft flutter to intense pulsation. Or try using it on your partner’s perineum or testicles to give him gentle arousal.





Mimi

Thus luxury, smaller-size silicone-encased vibrator with five different speeds and rhythmical patterns is the perfect vibrator for sharing. Try using it along your partner’s back, neck, or around each other’s nipples. Much less cold than many vibrators, it is also fully watertight, making it the perfect play accessory for the shower or bathtub, too.





Clitoral stimulators

The lipstick-shaped bullet

A travel-friendly, near silent vibrator that delivers intense clitoral orgasm—you can even recharge it on your computer from the USB port. Impressive and powerful, it is designed for direct clitoral stimulation. Use a gentle vibration mode at first and then build up as you feel your excitement level building.

Clitoral stimulators are not intended as penetrative toys, but are designed to stimulate the clitoris and surrounding area only They are brilliant for women to use on their own, when you suddenly feel in the mood but there’s no one to share that feeling with. Take 10 minutes out of your day, draw the curtains, close your eyes, lube up your vibe and yourself, and enjoy Men can feel threatened by the powerful and speedy orgasms that a woman can reach using one of these powerhouse toys, assuming that they won’t be able to compete with the technology. But, powerful as they are, orgasm through sex is quite a different sensation. Clitoral stimulators are the sex toy equivalent of speed dating—efficient and fun, but not

something that necessarily stacks up to a candlelit, romantic dinner for two.





The Humdinger

With an array of stimulation settings, the Humdinger is designed for direct and precise clitoral stimulation. Turn it over and it also has a little spoon-shaped head for a less intense sensation. Some women may find the intensity of stimulation packed into that little head a bit overwhelming, but the spoon-shaped head delivers a gentler stimulation, so you can decide on your preference wherever and whenever the mood takes you.





The little powerhouse

Jimmyjane’s Form 2 stimulator works on a simple premise of using just the ears of a conventional rabbit-style vibrator. Start with a low speed rhythm and tease your clitoris by using the ears around it in a V-shape or turn the vibrator sideways and use just one ear directly on your clitoris for a more intense vibration. You can vary the speed and pattern of vibration to suit the progress and intensity of your orgasm.





Hit the spot

There are a variety of G-spot vibrators available for women. Some are more sophisticated than others, but all are designed for you to use on your own or with your partner to find that elusive G-spot. While some guys feel that their manhood is compromised by traditional vibrators, these really do reach the places that a penis simply isn’t designed to find.





G-spot vibrators

Most G-spot vibrators are designed to reach that elusive little button of high sensitivity situated just up and in the front of the vagina (see page 22). Its specially tapered and curved edge can be used solo or by your partner to reach inside your vagina at an angle that would be impossible with a penis alone!





Lelo Billy

The Lelo Billy is designed to target, locate, and stimulate the male G-spot—also known as the prostate gland. You can use any classic shaped vibrator to reach into your man’s anus and find his G-spot, but these specially shaped and sized toys will reach his pleasure spot with ease.





Jiggle balls





Made famous by Fifty Shades of Grey, it is worth trying out a pair of jiggle balls.


Also known as Kegel, Ben Wa, or love balls, you simply insert them into your vagina and then walk around. As you move, the spheres that are inside the balls move in harmony with you, giving pleasurable yet discreet stimulation as well as toning your pelvic floor muscles. Start off with some lightweight ones and progress as those pelvic floors tighten.





Toys for boys

As well as male G-spot vibrators (see page 111), there are other toys out there for you to use on your man. Some of them look a bit scary, but they are becoming sleeker, simpler, and less frightening.





Stainless steel butt plug

Sometimes billed as “anal jewelry,” butt plugs are made in a variety of materials and colors. The best way to use it on your man—who will love you for it—is to get him to squat on all fours and, using plenty of lubricant, position the tip of the butt plug at the opening of his anus. When you feel his anus yielding, you can then gently push it in farther. It can either be pushed in and out in a thrusting movement or left in there, while you get on with other forms of sex play.





Fantasies and Role-play Dressing up Theater the mind Props Boudaries Imagination Exploration Toy box





Fantasies





Top five female fantasies

Sex with another man other than your partner: This might involve sex with a stranger, a celebrity, friend, work colleague, or frequently, an ex-lover.

Down ‘n’ dirty sex: Our imaginations often explore something much “naughtier” than we would consider in real life. This could be anything from having sex with the lights on to taking part in a threesome.

Sex with another woman: There is something hugely appealing about this fantasy. Other women have lovely, soft, fulsome bodies and breasts, and vaginas just like us.

Having sex against our will: While most women clearly find the concept of rape wholly abhorrent, many women do have perfectly healthy fantasies about being taken against their will. It’s usually the big burly man taking us on command and is often a way of relinquishing the control we choose to have (or are obliged to adopt) in our real lives.

Sex with a stranger: Unsullied by the demands of everyday life, this is pure no-strings-attached sex.

You can be as naughty as you like and say and do as you please. You can take over the reins or let him have complete control.





Top five male fantasies

Sex with another woman other than your partner: You might fantasize about a woman with huge breasts, a prostitute, an older woman, or even a virgin that you can seduce and teach all things sexual to last them a lifetime.

Sex with a work colleague: The chances are high that you regularly let your mind wander over to the idea of giving that boss a good “seeing to” over the boardroom table or relish watching the demure assistant letting her hair down, sexually speaking.

Sex with a stranger: There’s something very appealing about the thought of having anonymous sex with a stranger. This kind of fantasy totally avoids commitment issues or fears of inadequacy or performance anxiety.

Voyeuristic sex: You might fantasize about watching someone you know have sex, especially a man whose “performance” you are curious about.





Threesomes: Threesome fantasies usually involve your partner and another woman who you probably know. You’ll not only be getting off on watching your partner drown in pleasure with this other woman, you’ll also be able to satisfy them both in a way they have never experienced before.





Your toy box

Having a toy box, filled with a variety of games, props, and accessories is the perfect way to spice up your role-playing sex life. Regularly replenishing its contents and finding new ways to use existing props just adds to the adventure.





What shall we play with today?


Use your imagination with the contents of your toy box—a simple silky scarf can be used as a blindfold, something to offer a featherlike touch, or as a wrist or ankle restraint.





Dressing up for girls

Part of the joy of sexual role-play is accessorizing with appropriate outfits and props. It’s easy to use your imagination and just spend a small amount on a basic role-play costume from a costume store or mail-order company.

The dressing-up box





Yours for the taking

You could also use what may simply be in your home already, like an apron, pencil skirt, or a feather duster, or spend several hundred dollars on a complete ready-made (and at the upper end of the price scale fully-customized) outfit of your choice. To be honest, unless you’re seriously into any one form of role-play—like dressing up in a velvet and lace burlesque costume or full leather/bondage kit or can’t imagine wanting to be anything other than a cowgirl or a French maid—then there isn’t much point in investing a fortune.





Versatility is all

Get creative and keep a few versatile props like a feather boa, scalf, and a blindfold plus a wig or two, which are probably all you need to ring the changes. And, in fact, much of the point of successful and fulfilling role-play is not to return to the same roles and scenarios over and over again, but to regularly try something new to maximize your pleasure and keep your sex life vibrant, varied, and fresh.

Fur coat, no panties

What could be sexier than greeting your partner at the door after he gets home from work wearing little more than a fur coat, a string of pearls, and an open invitation to let his mind wander ...



Other ideas for girls to try

Bunny girl costume: Fluffy ears, tail, and wrist cuffs, corset, and black bow tie.

Policewoman: Black mini dress, peaked cap, baton, and handcuffs.

Wicked witch: Little black dress, pointy witch’s hat, and cape.

Sexy schoolgirl: Mini skirt, white blouse, tie, and over-the-knee socks or stockings.

Airline stewardess: Pencil skirt, blouse, scarf, and air hostess hat.

Army girl: Camouflage dress or shorts, military hat, holster, and toy gun.

Miss Whip Lash: One-piece zip-up PVC black cat suit and whip.





Sexy secretary: Pinstriped mini dress, a garter belt, glasses, and thong.

Cowgirl: Cute mini dress, cowgirl fedora hat, and checked scarf.

Naughty nurse: Short white button-down or zip dress, nurse’s cap, and stethoscope.

Oooh-la-la

Dressing as a sexy French maid, especially if you can find a rubber or latex dress and some matching accessories, is a special favorite for most guys. This coy, traditional, and submissive role will fire up his imagination.





Dressing up for guys

There are only a few outfits for men to be had and most are hugely unsexy and very predictable—so if you’re a guy who fancies dressing up or you’re a woman who wants to dress up your partner, you’ll have to use a little more of that essential prop, known as your imagination.





Sultry polo player

This role suits a man with rugby player’s thighs and a certain presence.

You, the women, will be dressed in a pretty, floaty dress, having decided to go to watch a polo match. You are attracted to one player in particular, with his smart white jodhpurs, bulging biceps, and weathered riding boots. How handsome he looks on his horse. But, oh no, he has had a fall and while there is no harm done, he needs to sit down and take a few minutes out. And there he is, sitting on your sofa, sipping a cool, reviving drink, sweat gently glistening on his brow and arms and just a little turf smut on his cheek. His legs are slightly open, there’s a gentle bulge just to the left of his tight white riding pants, and he’s thanking you profusely for coming to his rescue...

Other ideas for guys to try

Hot surgeon: Shorts, mask, hat, gloves, and stethoscope.

Horny handyman: Mechanic’s boiler suit, wrench, drill, and screwdriver.

Fireman: All-in-one brown and yellow jumpsuit with matching hard hat.

Pirate: Velvet lace-up shirt, bandana, boot covers, belt, cuffs, and eye patch.

Sexy biker: Black waistcoat, matching trousers, hat, choker, and boot covers.





Butt naked butler

Give your lover a real thrill by donning only a collar, bow tie, and apron. Present her with a glass of champagne on a tray and invite her to have her wicked way with you.





Mix it up

It doesn’t really matter what you’re wearing to start with—within reason.

Instead it’s the way in which you remove your clothes that adds to the saucy bawdiness of peeling off the layers. Try wearing a baggy sweater, tracksuit bottoms, or one of your man’s shirts over an enticing blend of playsuit and nipplie pasties—and keep a whip on hand. It can be very theatrical and sexy with that hidden element of surprise.





Dressing down

The chances are that whatever outfit or role-playing scenario you choose, you will end up naked anyway.

It’s the mood setting, the teasing and anticipation, and the journey to nakedness that matters. But it’s also exciting to make a real feast of getting undressed, performing a slow, sensual, and highly erotic disrobing for your partner. Or simply have a bit of fun and a few giggles—laughing releases similar feel-good endorphins to those released when you have an orgasm.





Erotic undressing

There is little more that is likely to get your partner’s juices flowing than to see you wear a tightly laced and boned corset. Accessorize it with some sequined nipple pasties and a whip. Use those enhanced curves to tempt and tease your partner into a frenzied mood of anticipation of what’s to come.





Striptease

Giving a striptease or lap dancing can be quite a challenge, especially if you are very conscious of your body. Lighting a few candles is a way of enhancing the ambience and softening any harsh light. Alternatively, use a red lightbulb or cover a lamp in some red, silky material. There is no need to strip completely naked either. You can keep your bra, panties, or a corset on if you like. Or use a sarong or two to cover up, just showing glimpses of your flesh.





Undress with flair





Tease and tempt

Use a strategically placed feather boa to tickle your man and gently gyrate using some sexy background music. Wear a garter and your man can then snap a dollar or two inside it when he’s pleased with what you’re doing. Or encourage him to pop paper money into your bra, belly dancer style.





No touching

A sexy twist on the paid strip scenario is for it to be impromptu and free.

For example, send your lover out into the garden and offer him a highly suggestive striptease through the window where he can see you, but can’t touch you or get back into the house until you say so. Make sure your neighbors can’t get a free peeps how as well—unless that adds to the frisson of your role-play, of course.





Tantalize in style

You can channel the high burlesque look with simple but effective props that suggest a kind of old music hall sauciness along with a much more contemporary, steamy ending. Take your time over this one, slowly teasing him with a glimpse of your breasts and using your soft feather fan to caress and tantalize him.





Sexy teacher

The teacher/pupil scenario may seem like a cliché, but men love the idea of a prim and proper exterior masking a hot and passionate core. Bend down during your role-play and give your man a glimpse of stockinged thigh under that pencil skirt. And if he gets too frisky too soon, tell him you’ll smack his bottom with a ruler. You are in complete control of your lover’s pleasure here.





Play Naughty

Anal Bottom Whip Blindfold Nipple clamps

Bondage tape Handcuffs tape PVC Ball-gag





Harness





Anal sex

Anal sex is becoming so “mainstream” now that maybe it doesn’t really belong in the Play Naughty section at all. Research has shown that around 35 percent of heterosexual couples have tried anal sex and around half of them continue to do it pretty regularly.

For many women, however, anal sex is still something that they don’t want to try for the obvious reasons—your anus is smaller, tighter, and drier than your vagina and you’re meant to poop out of it, not have sex with it. And yet, few of us will not have met a guy who really wants to try anal sex. There are also men out there who are not beyond trying the “Whoops, wrong hole!” trick during sex. If this has happened to you, you’ll know that a sharp, penetrative, and clumsy thrust into your unlubricated bottom is way more pain than pleasure. For those among you who are tempted, be prepared and take it slowly, as described opposite.





Gently does it





Get prepared

The secret to enjoyable anal sex lies in patience and preparation. You need to use a silicone-based lubricant—and plenty of it. The sphincter muscles in the anus are meant for pushing things out, not pushing them in, so it’s essential to feel as relaxed as possible. Ask your partner to use his fingers to gently soften the muscles, and an orgasm before anal sex can help relax them, too.





Take it slowly

The most comfortable position for anal sex is doggy style (see pages 72— 73). Get your partner to put lubrication on his penis and your anus and to proceed with short, slow, and gentle thrusts.





Be in agreement

In case you feel more pain than pleasure, agree beforehand that you’ll stop as soon as you say so. It’s really important that your sphincter muscles are relaxed (as well as your attitude) because if they seize up, it can become painful. Communicate with your partner at all times and don’t let either of you have high expectations, especially if this is your first time, as it can often take a few attempts to allow your partner to fully





BDSM

Power and surrender or dominance and submission fantasies are quite common among both men and women, and they’re now having an even wider appeal thanks to the global phenomenon of Fifty Shades of Grey. They can range from being romantic and passionate to crude, shocking, and even dangerous. Such play can be a really enjoyable part of your sexual repertoire, but it is important to know and trust each other’s boundaries and have an agreed “safe word” you can use if the fun threatens to get out of hand.

The pain/pleasure threshold, on which all bondage play is based, can be an overwhelming sensation that will boost your orgasms to new levels, due to the brain releasing feel-good chemicals called endorphins that help reduce the pain caused by a spank or slap. You may also enjoy seeing a temporary mark left on your lover’s bottom or thigh due to the punishment you have meted out.





Heighten the pleasure

Whipping, slapping, or spanking your partner’s bottom, thighs, or legs heightens the nerve endings in the targeted area, making your lover’s skin much more responsive to stroking, licking, biting, nibbling, and scratching. It’s highly arousing because it increases sexual tension in the nicest way. Being at the mercy of someone else (or doing the controlling) when they are teasing, licking, or penetrating you is exciting, edgy, and wholly not what we do in everyday life.





Spanking

Spanking is the kind of fantasy that involves domination (as the spanker) or submission (as the one being spanked). And it’s a contentious fantasy because it implies either wanting to be hurt or wanting to hurt someone you care for.

And why would you want to do that to your lover? Men especially find the whole spanking issue a bit of a conundrum as it can seem degrading to their partner, even if the woman tells them that they like it or want them to do it.

But mix the pain/pleasure principle with some guilt about the role men and women adopt in “civilized” society and you’ve got a great recipe for the forbidden pleasure that the role of spanking plays. Use your hands or a leather paddle especially designed for the job.





All tied up

Tying up your partner so that he or she is all but helpless, writhing, and in your sexual control and command is a perfectly normal part of sex play between two consenting adults. While the physical act of bondage—tying up your partner with bondage tape, a silk scarf, or handcuffs, for example-is a major tum-on, the verbal form of bondage is just as exciting. Commanding your lover, or being told what to do by your lover, is an intensely sexy feeling that will lead you to do and command things you might normally be too embarrassed to mention.





Bondage games

Simple bondage play can be so enthralling that it can become quite addictive.

As our pain/ pleasure threshold increases, so does our desire for something that will be more challenging. While there are some seriously heavy-duty types of kits available for BDSM games, there are also some less scary (and less painful!) versions of whips, nipple clamps, and handcuffs to be had.





Erotica



Erotica is a rich art form in itself. It enables us to play out our fantasies, exercise our imaginations, and dress up in some beautiful, highly desirable, sexy and theatrical outfits and accessories of our choice.





Be mysterious

Inspired by the glamour of burlesque and the tradition of musical theater, an erotic costume may consist of a luxurious leather or silk corset, matching gauntlets or gloves, and an intricate mask, all contributing to the exotic mystery and excitement of erotica.





Be confident

Dressing up in waist-nipping, breast-pushing-up, stockinged splendor may feel strange at first, but leaming how to talk suggestively and gyrate your body sexily can give you oodles of confidence in the bedroom.





Photos and videos

There’s a lot of fun to be had with a cellphone or a video camera. Photographing some of your most sizzling and daring sessions for posterity can be a big turn-on in itself and a great reminder of just how passionate you can be together.

You can also set up your camera to remotely record the two of you together. One word of warning, especially for women—if you are going to make a tape, keep it in a safe place. Or delete it afterward. Some men love to show the movie to their friends after a few drinks—it’s that showing off thing that makes him look like a hot stud muffin!





Make your own movie

Instead of watching porn with your partner, how about making your own movie instead? Men, especially, love the idea of starring in their own porn movie. Part of the fun is planning and then acting out the movie on your very own video cam or camera. This is a harmless, natural fantasy—and one that adds a lot of spice to a couple’s sex life as they can get an extra turn-on by enjoying watching it afterward.





Fetishes

Sizzling sex is about sublime pleasure, enormous fun, and absolute fulfillment.

The problem with fetishes, though, is that one man’s—or woman’s—sexual meat is another one’s poison. What is perfectly acceptable to one couple or partner, may be abhorrent to another.





Be open to discussion

If you’re going to delve further into the fetish aspect of sex, anything that doesn’t cause enduring physical or emotional harm to you or others involved with your sexual lives—and which may still be considered taboo in some circles—should most definitely be up for discussion and consideration. I believe that virtually anything that goes on between two consenting adults in the privacy of their own homes (and lots of variations on that scenario, as in outside their homes and involving other consenting adults) is acceptable. However, it should never, ever be about violation, emotional or physical abuse, or cruelty to animals or children or a life-threatening activity.





Domination

It’s often women with a lot of pressure to conform in everyday life or who have the most responsible roles that enjoy a chance to let their hair down and play a dominant role. A ball-gag is one of the ultimate restraints, as hearing your lover squirm in excitement without being able to call out, can be a real tum-on for some people. / suggest getting one that is both comfortable and has air holes since this is meant to be more for enhanced pleasure than an instrument of torture. A male harness enhances the slave theme and also provides support to secure his penis and testicles.





Rubber and leather

Given that the definition of a fetish is something that you become fixated on for sexual gratification, it’s hardly surprising that the combination of leather, rubber, high boots, and domination/ submission come pretty high on the mild fetish scale. Dress up in some pretty extreme kit to enjoy this sort of fun because it feels good against the skin, enhances and squeezes in flesh, and is a form of acceptable escapism from the pressures of everyday, more conventional and predictable life.





Index

Figures in italics refer to captions





A

A-spot, the (women)





alfresco sex

ambience, creating an

“anal jewelry”





anal sex

anus, the





butt plugs





arousal





female





male





B

ball-gags





balls see testicles

balls, jiggle (Kegel, Ben Wa or

love)





bathtime sex





Ben Wa balls





bicycle position

bondage/bondage games

breasts, the





massaging





touching





see also nipples





butt plugs





C

cervix, the

chairs, sex on

chemistry, sexual





circumcised men





climaxing see orgasms

clitoris, the





stimulating





and vibrators

costumes, erotic

costumes, role-playing





for men





for women





cowgirl position reverse





D

dining tables, sex on

“dirty” talk

doggy-style positions





and anal sex

domination, female





dressing up





men





women





ejaculation





slowing





endorphins





erogenous zones





female





male





erotic costumes





expressing yourself





eye contact





fantasies





female





male





fetishes





Fifty Shades of Grey

foreplay and oral sex see also massage; touching foreskin, the





French kisses

frenulum, the





female





male





G

G-spot, the





female

male (prostate gland)

G-spot vibrators

games, sex

see also bondage; costumes,

role-playing

garden, sex in the

glans, the





H

“hand-jobs,” giving

harnesses, male





intimacy





jiggle balls

Jimmyjane Form(vibrator)

Jimmyjane Little Chroma (vibrator)





Kegel balls

kisses/kissing





French kisses

lip-o-suction kisses





movie kisses





roundabout kisses





snake kisses





waterfall kisses





kitchen encounters





L

labia, inner and outer

lay-on vibrators





leather

lip-o-suction kisses





love balls





massage





massage oil candles





masturbation





men





mutual





women

missionary position with deeper penetration Monogamy

mood, setting the





for massage





movie kisses

movie-making





N

nipples, the





female





male





Nookii





oral sex





for men

mutual (69)





for women





orgasms





female





male





P

pelvic floor muscles, the





female





male

penis, the





and oral sex

see also “hand-jobs,” giving

perineum, the





female





male





pheromones





photographing sex sessions

props (for role-playing)

see also bondage/bondage





games

prostate gland, the





Q

“quickies”





rabbit vibrators





rising slide position

role-playing





props for

see also bondage/bondage

games; dressing up





romance





roundabout kisses





rubber





S

scrotum, the





seduction





seesaw position





showers





intimacy in





masturbation in

69 (position)





slapping





snake kisses

sofas, sex on





spanking





spooning position





starfish position





stimulators see vibrators





straddle position





reverse

strangers, sex with (fantasies)





stripteases





T

tables, sex on

talking “dirty”

teacher/pupil scenarios (fantasies)





teasing

testicles, the





threesome fantasies





touching





men





women

“toy” boxes (for role playing)





twinning position





U

U-spot, the (women)

undressing, erotic

urethra, the





V

vagina/vaginal canal





vibrators





clitoral





G spot





the Humdinger





jimmyjane Form





Jimmyjane Little Chroma

lay-on





Lelo Billy

lipstick-shaped bullet





rabbit

video movies, making





wallbanger position





waterfall kisses





wheelbarrow position





reverse





whipping





wrap position





Acknoledgments

I have absolutely loved writing and working on this book—and I hope you’ll find something to inspire , entertain, and enjoy, too.

Writing the thank yous in any book is one of the toughest tasks—who to include and who might be miffed if they get left out. It’s like sending out invites to a special event with restricted numbers and an impossible seating plan—you’re never going to get it quite right!

So I’ll just add a few words of genuine appreciation to the friends, colleagues, and suppliers who were brilliant, supportive, and encouraging throughout.

John Davis (and his trusty assistant Dave) must get my biggest vote of thanks.

While some might argue that it ain’t that tough a job to be photographing nubile, shapely models on a daily basis, he has done an absolutely amazing job with the photographs. The scene-stealer—my words barely come a close second ...

Jane O’Shea, Helen Lewis, Amelia Pruen, Emma Callery, Lucy Gowans, and the team at Quadrille have all been an absolute pleasure to work with. Many thanks, too, to Amanda Preston at Luigi Bonomi for having the faith to let me loose on yet another sex book. And a really heartfelt thank you to my ever-patient and supportive agent and friend, Liz Ayto.

The best friends who still put up with me and feed me the very occasional glass of medicinal dry white wine—Clare, Chris, Tina, Jo, Joanna, Monica, and my bezzie Rob—love you all. And to an amazing friend in my beloved Fethiye—who definitely puts the fun into Funda!

Those loyal Twitter pals who have turned into proper friends and will be tweeting their little hearts out on publication (or else!): @AngryBritain @BibiLynch @DrPamSpurr @Unnamedinsider @ RawWhore @DazGale and @grantapp—I owe you guys a drink ...

So many people were brilliantly generous in providing the fantastic props, accessories, and costumes that make this book so lavish, so a huge thanks to Monique at www.seotoys.co.uk, Alice at www.lovehoney.co.uk, Vicky at www.lelo.com, and Molly at www.jimmyjane.com. Also much appreciated was the support and props provided by www.coco-de-mer.com, www.myla.com, and

www.westwardbound.com

And finally, my lovely man—you may have taught me a tip, trick, or technique or two over the years, but it’s been a wise investment and the pleasure has been all mine.





Text © 2013 Jo Hemmings. Photography © 2013 John Davis. Design and layout © 2013 Quadrille Publishing Limited.


The rights of the author have been asserted. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, electrostatic, magnetic tape, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher.

Published in the United States by





Ulysses Press

P.O. Box 3440

Berkeley, CA 94703

www.ulyssespress.com

First published as Sizzling Sex in the United Kingdom in 2013 by Quadrille Publishing Limited.

eISBN : 978-1-612-43212-0

Library of Congress Control Number: 2012954943

Publishing director Jane O’Shea Creative director Helen Lewis Project editor Emma Callery

Interior designer Lucy Gowans Photographer John Davis Styling, hair and make-up Amelia Pruen Illustrator Annamaria Dutto Production director Vincent Smith Production controller James Finan





10987654321


Document Outline



Unpredictable, uncontrollable and unbelievably hot!

Title Page

Starters Sex and Sexuality Chemistry

Intimacy

Romance

Female arousal

Male arousal





Know Your Body Female sexual anatomy

Male sexual anatomy

Female hot spots

Male hot spots





Orgasm and Masturbation The female orgasm

The male orgasm

Women and masturbation

Men and masturbation





Mains Seduction and Foreplay Setting the mood

Teasing

Kissing

Touching your woman

Touching your man

Massage

Handiwork

Tongues play





Part 69 Positions - Bicycle Out of the bedroom Missionary Starfish the quickie Cowgirl Seesaw Missionary

Cowgirl

Doggy style

Spooning

The quickie

Out of the bedroom

Starfish

Twinning

Seesaw

Straddle

Reverse straddle

Bicycle

Rising slide

Wrap

Wheel barrow

Reverse wheelbarrow

Wallbanger





Sides Sex Toys - Stimulation jiggle balls Private fun Toys for boys Luxury vibrator ... Game

Classic and luxury vibrators

Lay-on vibrators

Clitoral stimulators

G-spot vibrators

Jiggle balls

Toys for boys





Fantasies and Role-play - Dressing up Theater the mind Props Boudaries ... Fantasies

Your toy box

Dressing up for girls

Dressing up for guys

Dressing down

Striptease





Play Naughty - Anal Bottom Whip Blindfold Nipple clamps Bondage tape Handcuffs ... Anal sex

BDSM

Erotica

Photos and videos

Fetishes





Index

Acknowledgments

Copyright Page





Table of Contents

Unpredictable, uncontrollable and unbelievably hot!

Title Page

Starters

Sex and Sexuality



Chemistry





Intimacy





Romance





Female arousal





Male arousal





Chemistry



Intimacy



Romance



Female arousal



Male arousal



Know Your Body



Female sexual anatomy





Male sexual anatomy





Female hot spots





Male hot spots





Female sexual anatomy



Male sexual anatomy



Female hot spots



Male hot spots



Orgasm and Masturbation



The female orgasm





The male orgasm





Women and masturbation





Men and masturbation





The female orgasm



The male orgasm



Women and masturbation



Men and masturbation



Sex and Sexuality

Chemistry



Intimacy



Romance



Female arousal



Male arousal



Chemistry

Intimacy

Romance

Female arousal

Male arousal

Know Your Body

Female sexual anatomy



Male sexual anatomy



Female hot spots



Male hot spots



Female sexual anatomy

Male sexual anatomy

Female hot spots

Male hot spots

Orgasm and Masturbation

The female orgasm



The male orgasm



Women and masturbation



Men and masturbation



The female orgasm

The male orgasm

Women and masturbation

Men and masturbation

Mains

Seduction and Foreplay



Setting the mood





Teasing





Kissing





Touching your woman





Touching your man





Massage





Handiwork





Tongues play





Setting the mood



Teasing



Kissing



Touching your woman



Touching your man



Massage



Handiwork



Tongues play



Seduction and Foreplay

Setting the mood



Teasing



Kissing



Touching your woman



Touching your man



Massage



Handiwork



Tongues play



Setting the mood

Teasing

Kissing

Touching your woman

Touching your man

Massage

Handiwork

Tongues play

Part 69

Positions - Bicycle Out of the bedroom Missionary Starfish the quickie Cowgirl Seesaw



Missionary





Cowgirl





Doggy style





Spooning





The quickie





Out of the bedroom





Starfish





Twinning





Seesaw





Straddle





Reverse straddle





Bicycle





Rising slide





Wrap





Wheel barrow





Reverse wheelbarrow





Wallbanger





Missionary



Cowgirl



Doggy style



Spooning



The quickie



Out of the bedroom



Starfish



Twinning



Seesaw



Straddle



Reverse straddle



Bicycle



Rising slide



Wrap



Wheel barrow



Reverse wheelbarrow



Wallbanger



Positions - Bicycle Out of the bedroom Missionary Starfish the quickie Cowgirl Seesaw

Missionary



Cowgirl



Doggy style



Spooning



The quickie



Out of the bedroom



Starfish



Twinning



Seesaw



Straddle



Reverse straddle



Bicycle



Rising slide



Wrap



Wheel barrow



Reverse wheelbarrow



Wallbanger



Missionary

Cowgirl

Doggy style

Spooning

The quickie

Out of the bedroom

Starfish

Twinning

Seesaw

Straddle

Reverse straddle

Bicycle

Rising slide

Wrap

Wheel barrow

Reverse wheelbarrow

Wallbanger

Sides

Sex Toys - Stimulation jiggle balls Private fun Toys for boys Luxury vibrator ...



Game





Classic and luxury vibrators





Lay-on vibrators





Clitoral stimulators





G-spot vibrators





Jiggle balls





Toys for boys





Game



Classic and luxury vibrators



Lay-on vibrators



Clitoral stimulators



G-spot vibrators



Jiggle balls



Toys for boys



Fantasies and Role-play - Dressing up Theater the mind Props Boudaries ...



Fantasies





Your toy box





Dressing up for girls





Dressing up for guys





Dressing down





Striptease





Fantasies



Your toy box



Dressing up for girls



Dressing up for guys



Dressing down



Striptease



Play Naughty - Anal Bottom Whip Blindfold Nipple clamps Bondage tape Handcuffs ...



Anal sex





BDSM





Erotica





Photos and videos





Fetishes





Anal sex



BDSM



Erotica



Photos and videos



Fetishes



Sex Toys - Stimulation jiggle balls Private fun Toys for boys Luxury vibrator ...

Game



Classic and luxury vibrators



Lay-on vibrators



Clitoral stimulators



G-spot vibrators



Jiggle balls



Toys for boys



Game

Classic and luxury vibrators

Lay-on vibrators

Clitoral stimulators

G-spot vibrators

Jiggle balls

Toys for boys

Fantasies and Role-play - Dressing up Theater the mind Props Boudaries ...

Fantasies



Your toy box



Dressing up for girls



Dressing up for guys



Dressing down



Striptease



Fantasies

Your toy box

Dressing up for girls

Dressing up for guys

Dressing down

Striptease

Play Naughty - Anal Bottom Whip Blindfold Nipple clamps Bondage tape Handcuffs ...

Anal sex



BDSM



Erotica



Photos and videos



Fetishes



Anal sex

BDSM

Erotica

Photos and videos

Fetishes

Index

Acknowledgments

Copyright Page





